updates phx.gen.auth docs and mix task help info (#4867)
phoenixframework/phoenix: guides/authentication/mix_phx_gen_auth.md

## Getting started

> As a recommendation, commit all of your work before running this command because this modifies/creates 39 files that if you want to undo, will be quite a time consumer if you have other files uncommited.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Considering committing your work before running this command as it generates many files.
```
